[11.0][ADD] purchase_stock_price_unit_sync: Update cost price in stock… (#790)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_stock_price_unit_sync/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module allows to sync stock moves price unit with purchase order line

Reviewer: This is user documentation, so we should adapt the terminology

```suggestion
This module allows to sync picking cost prices with purchase order line
```

> price when moves already done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
price when moves are already done.
```
but the update is performed no matter the stock move is done or not
